Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in this lecture, we are going to create a function.
So the users are going to be able to pick image from the gallery now before they in order to upload
to the first database.
What you're going to do first is to edit the rules, then how to get to this page.
All you just have to do is to click on the class store database.
They click on the rules.
It's going to take you to this page.
Now, I don't think yours is going to look exactly like this, but whatever it is I just have to do
is after the right you're going to remove Everton after it.
Okay, remove this as well then make sure you have your semicolon if for any reason you deleted it.
Okay, now you're going to be a vote now to reload and right.
So I would have click on publish now as well know upload image to the storage.
We also need to edit this now to get to this.
You all, you just have to do so click on the storage, click on rules.
Now I don't really think this is going to look like this is ugly.
So I just have to do outside the.
Right.
You're just going to remove everything.
The you can have something worse than this, you just have to remove Everton, remove this as well.
Okay so we have our semicolon at the end of it.
So now you're going to be able to was read right.
So over here I want to click on publish.
Okay.
Right now, they are going to create the function, so users are going to be able to pick an image.
Now, the logic is, first of all, are going to create a function.
So users.
Ability to take image from the gallery.
Then after the user pick that image from the gallery, the necessary level to do is we're going to store
that image in a variable.
Okay.
Now to do this, I'm going to go to our hearts controller.
So that's it over here.
Okay.
At the top here.
First of all, I basically use Control and V to make this wide.
Then I'm going to give it commands.
Probably function to peak image from gallery.
Okay.
Great.
Now it is going to be a function that is going to avoid you're going to call this function peak image,
right?
Recalled its peak image as well.
Not only is the await, so we need to pass the sink there.
Now, the next day I'm going to do I'm going to create a variable.
There's going to be a finite variable.
Then what we can see is the name of the variable we can call this.
Peaked, peaked, peaked image.
Peaked image is equal to.
First of all also I with voids.
Then we're going to see this image picture, which we already stored.
So this is going to help us to take image from our gallery.
So image Flickr.
Then I'm going to see a dot pic image.
Now he's asking for the source.
The source is going to be image source.
Image Source Dodds Gallery.
So what if we were to pick image from the gallery?
Okay.
Now after the user picked takes that image, what you are going to do is to return like a success message
to the user.
But for us to do that, first of all, we are going to check if the user actually picked an image.
So to do that.
Although you we can use an E statement because if this picked image depicts.
It takes a village.
If it is not a quota is not a quota?
No.
That is if it is not empty.
Then.
It's picked.
Okay.
I think I make a spelling mistake.
I am just going to copy this.
Or I think I can tell this like picked image.
If this picked image is not a question of dead ones or it's only sources message.
So I to use the get get get snack bar.
Look for the title we can just provide.
Two.
Okay.
Now for the message we can see on this capital it is con gras to play shows your.
For to image has been uploaded.
Okay.
So uploaded that uploaded.
So it is a freshly picked and the image is going to resolve this.
Okay.
Right.
I'm just going to hard disk semicolon.
Now, what I'm going to do now is to store the picked image.
So over here, we're going to create a global variable for that is going to be a type of PHI.
Then we just had the question of the state come in now.
Then we're going to call this picked for this copycat invasion that is India on this call so the because
a private variable.
So we are going to be unable to use it outside this PHI.
Okay.
Now what you can do, we can wrap this with arrowheads.
So it is good.
At least if we are changing the image, there's going to have to be time.
Okay.
So over the relatives with our ears.
Great.
It's in.
This should be.
In here.
Okay.
All the same.
So I need to pass in the late as well.
Let's.
Okay.
Good.
Now over.
You're saying if the image is not equal to no, that is.
If it is not empty, then you want to say, okay, coalition you your image.
So your image has been uploaded.
So now over you.
We can be assured in our store that we'll get the part of the image.
So to do that.
Oh just out to see is on this call, this image we created where that is our global variable, this
image is going to be equal to the arrow as as well.
So it is going to be fine.
If I.
Then what we can see.
Uh.
Or else.
Okay.
They can use the picked image.
That's part.
Okay.
Do your.
So.
Five.
Right.
So we're going to pass this to see if we know.
Then all you have to say is this.
They passed the FY.
Okay.
This.
So now we're going to get the parts of the image by send picked.
Pict image.
The image.
Dot pot.
Okay.
Add this as well.
Your circle on.
Let's think we were right over the key in this.
Okay, great.
Now we are going to use this we just created.
So to use this, we're going to go to our.
Our sign ups, first of all, over the.
Over the okay.
This they're going to see is really our function.
So there's going to be lot.
Both controller.
Dot.
Peak image.
Okay, good.
Now, the nice thing to do is to display that with us towards the parts of our image over a year.
So now we can see what's.
Oh, it's controller.
Well, it's called Should I Do It?
Now, you can see we don't have access to that or this image because we made it private humidity provider
able to get access to it.
We're just going to use the guitar to override that.
Okay.
So over here.
So over the AWS controller.
There's an override that so.
Over the course of a year.
So we just have to do is to see as it is, to create a viable code for FY.
So five, four, two.
Okay.
Now, when I say it's a of five.
Right.
Then over here.
Well, as it gets.
Then there's going to be.
We're going to use an arrow function that we're going to see is this is over is going to go to this.
More like overriding this.
So taking the very particular waters here, then putting it to this rebel quite so five footer.
So we're going to see on this call picked.
You made the for you look.
The value.
Okay.
Great.
Now.
Are you going to use that?
Okay.
So we're going to see our picks.
Sorry.
So fast forward to.
Okay, so what we basically did was overwrite duck or tick take.
What's that part?
Take the variable that they stole in the parts of the image than just black or trans.
What we did was to transfer what is due to this variable by using the gifts.
Okay.
So then when these objects are just like if you are using an iPhone, I don't think this is going to
work for you or I think probably you need some extra configuration to use the image to figure.
Okay.
I just think.
I just think you're going to try this out yourself first.
Then in this lecture, I will continue from here.
So now all you have to do is try to pick an image.
Make sure you fill in all the fields.
Does this make sure you had a very long passport to this?
And in this picture, I'm going to see because I'm having in a very low key, I'm just going to do this.
Okay.
Now you're going to click on this.
Remember what we simply did.
Overall you.
We call it the function, right?
So we click on that icon.
He's going to take us to our gallery.
Okay, click on this.
Okay, great.
Now our gallery is open.
So now you can pick an image.
Make sure you fill in all those fields.
Because one of our additions is it must not be empty.
And since the password is for Firebase, because I use it to create a password, the agent is.
A very old controller.
Okay.
Over the old controller we are using to create user creates a user with a password so it respect the
password was via strong type.
Okay.
Great.
Congratulation.
Okay.
You just got to try this out yourself.